Refguid update for mechanism to allow to wait for autogeneration completion (#9964)
mendix/docs: content/en/docs/refguide/modeling/menus/version-control-menu/commit-dialog.md

If there are changes on disk this tab shows a summary of those changes. Click **Open containing folder** to open the folder containing the selected file in Windows Explorer.

The tab page is hidden if there are no disk changes. Often, there are model changes but the only change on disk is the app file (*.mpr*) reflecting these model changes. In this case, it is also hidden, because it does not add useful information.

### Synchronizing Commit Content {#sync-commit-content}

There are several components in Studio Pro where files on disk need to be generated for the App to function. For example: theme cache, JavaScript actions, and Java Actions. 

> These files are generated based on the Documents in the app. In some cases generation of these files takes a long time. Typically, the time taken is proportional to the app size. This is why Mendix cannot add these generated files to *.gitignore* file – it might slow down app opening and cause errors.

Reviewer: @PavelShirvanov  - I'm not sure I understand this:

> This is why Mendix cannot add these generated files to *.gitignore* file

You mean it cannot add these to `.gitignore` because generating these files takes a long time? How long would it take to add them to `.gitignore` compared to the time taken to actually generate the files?

Author: For example, we have theme-cache.css file that Studio Pro generates from time to time. This generation could take some time. But without the file pages in Studio Pro could be shown in non-beautiful way that could frustrate users. To make the showing pages in Studio Pro smoother the file is kept in git and regenerate from time to time in case something was changed.

Reviewer: @PavelShirvanov Great example. Thanks.
Could we then say something like:
```suggestion
These files are generated based on the Documents in the app. In some cases generation of these files takes a long time. Typically, the time taken is proportional to the app size. These files are included as part of the commit so that the existing version can be used when the app is opened, preventing errors or delays in testing the app locally while new versions of the files are being generated.
```
